we have a lot of resource is on campus that students can use to help them
kind of figure out what they want to do. My number one recommendation
is the career center. They have tests that are available to you,
kind of to figure out, like, what do you like to dio? What do you
naturally good at all. So you know what? What's a What's a deal breaker
for you? What? You know things that you absolutely don't want to
dio, Um and they have a whole bunch of different tests that you can
use to kind of narrow down your interests and then see what domains
your interests and skill sets fit into. So that's a wonderful resource
on campus, and I would highly recommend checking it out.